- rawdog 2.21

Don't crash when asked to show a non-existant template ("-s foo") -- and
fix test-rawdog so that it detects when a test is expected to fail with
an error message, but actually crashes.

Use grep -a when searching for locales in test-rawdog, since some
locales have non-ASCII names.

Fix some style problems reported by pylint.

Use cStringIO rather than StringIO in all modules (rather than some
using one and some using the other).

Don't crash when feedparser returns a date that Python can't format.
Since feedparser's date parser is pretty liberal, it can occasionally
interpret an invalid date incorrectly (e.g. treating a time zone as a
year number).

When an error occurs while parsing the config file, exit with a non-zero
return code, rather than continuing with an incomplete config. This has
always been the intended behaviour, but rawdog 2.13 accidentally removed
the check.

- rawdog 2.20

Add a test for the maxage option (suggested by joelmo).

Add a rule to style.css to scale down large images.

When looking for SSL timeout exceptions, match any form of "timeout",
"time out" or "timed out" in the message. This makes rawdog detect SSL
connection timeouts correctly with Debian's Python 2.7.8 package
(reported by David Suárez).

- rawdog 2.19

Make test-rawdog not depend on having a host it can test connection
timeouts against, and add a -T option if you do have one.

When renaming a feed's state file in splitstate mode, don't fail if the
state file doesn't exist -- which can happen if we get a 301 response
for a feed the first time we fetch it. Also rename the lock file along
with the state file.

Add some more comprehensive tests for the changeconfig option; in
particular, test it more thoroughly with splitstate both on and off.

Don't crash if feedparser raises an exception during an update (i.e.
assume that any part of feedparser's response might be missing, until
we've checked that there wasn't an exception).

- rawdog 2.18

Be consistent about catching AttributeError when looking for attributes
that were added to Rawdog during the 2.x series (spotted by Jakub Wilk).

Add some advice in PLUGINS about escaping template parameters. Willem
reported that the enclosure plugin didn't do this, and having had a look
at the others it seems to be a common problem.

Make feedscanner handle "Content-Encoding: gzip" in responses, as
tumblr.com's webservers will use this even if you explicitly refuse it
in the request.

- rawdog 2.17

Add a one-paragraph description of rawdog to the README file, for use by
packgers.

Fix some misquoted dashes in the man page (spotted by lintian).

Set LC_ALL=C and TZ=UTC when running tests, in order to get predictable
results regardless of locale or timezone (reported by Etienne Millon).

Give sensible error messages on startup (rather than crashing) if the
config file or a template file is missing, or contains characters that
aren't in the system encoding.

Give test-rawdog some command-line options; you can now use it to test
an installed version of rawdog, or rawdog running under a non-default
Python version.

Add some more tests to the test suite, having done a coverage analysis
to work out which features weren't yet being tested: date formatting in
varying locales and timezones; RSS 1.0 support; --dump, -c, -f, -l, -N,
-v and -W; include; plugin loading; feed format and id options; author
formatting; template conditionals: broken 301 redirects; useids; content
vs.  summary; daysections/timesections; removing articles from a feed;
keeping comments; numthreads; outputfile; various error messages.

Use author URIs retrieved from feeds when formatting author names
(rather than ignoring them; this was the result of a feedparser change).

Make subclasses of Persistable call Persistable's constructor.
(Identified by coverage analysis.)

Don't crash when trying to show a template that doesn't exist.

When removing a feed in splitstate mode, remove its lock file too.

- rawdog 2.16

Remove the bundled copy of feedparser, and document that it's now a
dependency.

Update the package metadata in setup.py.

- rawdog 2.15

rawdog now requires Python 2.6 (rather than Python 2.2). This is the
version in Debian and Red Hat's previous stable releases, so it should
be safe to assume on current systems.

Make setup.py complain if you have an inappropriate Python version.

Remove obsolete code that supported pre-2.6 versions of Python
(timeoutsocket.py, conditional imports, 0/1 for bools, dicts for sets,
locking without with, various standard library features).

Tidy up the code formatting in a few places to make it closer to PEP 8.

Make the rawdog(1) man page describe all of rawdog's options, and make
some other minor improvements to the documentation and help.

Remove the --upgrade option; I think it's highly unlikely that anybody
still has any rawdog 1 state files around.

Make the code that manages the pool of feed-fetching threads only start
as many threads as necessary (including none if there's only one feed to
fetch), and generally tidy it up.

Add test-rawdog, a simple test suite for rawdog with a built-in
webserver. You should be able to run this from the rawdog source
directory to check that much of rawdog is working correctly.
(If you have the rawdog plugins repo in a subdirectory called
"rawdog-plugins", it'll run tests on some of the plugins too.)

Add a -V option, which is like -v but appends the verbose output to a
file. This is mostly useful for testing.

Significantly rework the Persister class: there's now a Persisted class
that can act as a context manager for "with" statements, which
simplifies the code quite a bit, and it correctly handles persisted
objects being opened multiple times and renamed. persister.py is now
under the same license as the rest of rawdog (GPLv2+).

Fix a bug: if you're using splitstate mode, and a feed returns a 301
permanent redirect, rawdog needs to rename the state file and adjust the
articles in it so they're attached to the feed's new URL. In previous
versions this didn't work correctly for two reasons: it tried to load
the existing articles from the new filename, and the resulting file got
clobbered because it was already being used by --update.

Rework the locking logic in persister so that it uses a separate lock
file. This fixes a (mostly) harmless bug: previously if rawdog A was
waiting for rawdog B to finish, then rawdog A wouldn't see the changes
rawdog B had written to the state file. More importantly, it means
rawdog won't leave an empty ("corrupt") state file if it crashes during
the first update or write.

Split state files are now explicitly marked as modified if any articles
were expired from them. (This won't actually change rawdog's behaviour,
since articles were only expired if some articles had been seen during
the update, and that would also have marked the state as modified.)

When splitstate is enabled, make the feeds directory if it doesn't
already exist. This avoids a confusing error message if you didn't make
it by hand.

rawdog now complains if feedparser can't detect the type of a feed or
retrieve any items from it. This usually means that the URL isn't
actually a feed -- for example, if it's redirecting to an error page.

rawdog can now report more than one error for a feed at once -- e.g.
a permanent redirection to something that isn't a feed.

Show URLError exceptions returned by feedparser -- this means rawdog
gives a sensible error message for a file: or ftp: URL that gives an
error, rather than claiming it's a timeout. Plain filenames are now
turned into file: URLs so you get consistent errors for both, and
timeouts are detected by looking for a timeout exception.

Use a custom urllib2 handler to capture all the HTTP responses that
feedparser sees when handling redirects. This means rawdog can now see
both the initial and final status code (rather than the combined one
feedparser returns) -- so it can correctly handle redirects to errors,
and redirects to redirects.

Make "hideduplicates id link" work correctly in the odd corner case
where an article has both id and link duplicated, but to different other
articles.

Upgrade feedparser to version 5.1.3. As a result of the other changes
below, rawdog's copy of feedparser is now completely unmodified -- so
it should be safe to remove it and use your system version if you prefer
(provided it's new enough).

Add a --dump option to pretty-print feedparser's output for a URL.
The feedparser module used to do this if invoked as a script, but more
recent versions of feedparser don't support this.

Use a custom urllib2 handler to do HTTP basic authentication, instead of
a feedparser patch. This also fixes proxy authentication, which I
accidentally broke by removing a helper class several releases ago.

Use a custom urllib2 handler to disable RFC 3229, instead of a
feedparser patch. The behaviour is slightly different in that it now
sends "A-IM: identity" rather than no header at all; this should have
the same effect, though.

Remove the feedparser patch that provided "_raw" versions of content
(before sanitisation) for use in the article hash, and use the normal
version instead. Since we disable sanitisation at fetch time anyway, the
only difference with current feedparser is that the _raw versions didn't
have CP1252 encoding fixes applied -- so in the process of upgrading to
this version, you'll see some duplicate articles on feeds with CP1252
encoding problems. Tests suggest this doesn't affect many feeds (3 out
of the 1000-odd in my test setup).

Set feedparser behaviour using SANITIZE_HTML etc., rather than by
directly changing the lists of elements it's looking for.

Replace feedfinder, which has unfixable unclear licensing, with the
module that Decklin Foster wrote for his Debian package of rawdog
(specifically rawdog_2.13.dfsg.1-1).  I've renamed it to "feedscanner",
on the grounds that it may be useful to other projects as well in the
future.

Put feedscanner's license notice into __license__, for consistency with
feedparser.

Make feedscanner understand HTML-style <link ...> as well as XHTML-style
<link ... />.

Fix Debian bug 657206: make feedscanner understand relative links
(reported by Peter J. Weisberg).

Fix Debian bug 650776: make feedscanner not crash if it can't parse the
URL it was given as HTML (reported by Jonathan Polley).

Make rawdog use feedscanner's preferred order of feeds in addition to
its own.

Make feedscanner only return URLs that feedparser can parse successfully
as feeds.

Make feedscanner look for <a> links pointing to URLs with words in them
that suggest they're probably feeds.

Make feedscanner check whether the URL it was given is already a feed
before scanning it for links.

Make feedscanner decode the HTML it reads (silently ignoring errors)
before trying to parse it.

Move rawdog's feed quality heuristic into feedscanner.

Simplify the options for dealing with templates: there is now a
-s/--show command-line option that takes a template name as an argument
(i.e. you do "rawdog -s item" rather than "rawdog -T"), and the
"template" config file option is now called "pagetemplate". This
simplifies the code, and makes it possible to add more templates without
adding more command-line options. (For backwards compatibility, all the
old command-line and config-file options are still accepted, and
rawdog.get_template(config) will still return the page template.)

Add templates for the feed list and each item in the feed list
(based on patch from Arnout Engelen).

Don't append an extra newline when showing a template.

- rawdog 2.14

When adding a new feed from a page that provides several feeds, make a
more informed choice rather than just taking the first one: many blogs
provide both content and comments feeds, and we usually want the first
one.

Add a note to PLUGINS about making sure plugin storage gets saved.

Use updated_parsed instead of the obsolete modified_parsed when
extracting the feed-provided date for an item, and fall back to
published_parsed and then created_parsed if it doesn't exist (reported
by Cristian Rigamonti, Martintxo and chrysn). feedparser currently does
fallback automatically, but it's scheduled to be removed at some point,
so it's better for rawdog to do it.

- rawdog 2.13

Forcibly disable BeautifulSoup support in feedparser, since it returns
unpickleable pseudo-string objects, and it crashes when trying to parse
twenty or so of my feeds (reported by Joseph Reagle).

Make the code that cleans up feedparser's return value more thorough --
in particular, turn subclasses of "unicode" into real unicode objects.

Decode the config file from the system encoding, and escape "define_"d
strings when they're written to the output file (reported by Cristian
Rigamonti).

Add the "showtracebacks" option, which causes exceptions that occur
while a feed is being fetched to be reported with a traceback in the
resulting error message.

Use PyTidyLib in preference to mx.Tidy when available (suggested by
Joseph Reagle). If neither is available, "tidyhtml true" just does
nothing, so it's now turned on in the provided config file. The
mxtidy_args hook is now called tidy_args.

Allow template variables to start with an underscore (patch from Oberon
Faelord).

Work around broken DOCTYPEs that confuse sgmllib.

If -v is specified, force verbose on again after reading a secondary
config file (reported by Jonathan Phillips).

Resynchronise the feed list after loading a secondary config file;
previously feeds in secondary config files were ignored (reported by
Jonathan Philips).

- rawdog 2.12

Make rawdog work with Python 2.6 (reported by Roy Lanek).

If feedfinder (which now needs Python 2.4 or later) can't be imported,
just disable it.

Several changes as a result of profiling that significantly speed up
writing output files:

- Make encode_references() use regexp replacement.
- Cache the result of locale.getpreferredencoding().
- Use tuple lists rather than custom comparisons when sorting.

Update feedparser to revision 291, which fixes the handling of
<media:title> elements (reported by Darren Griffith).

Only update the stored Etag and Last-Modified when a feed changes.

Add the "splitstate" option, which makes rawdog use a separate state
file for each feed rather than one large one. This significantly reduces
rawdog's memory usage at the cost of some more disk IO during --write.
The old behaviour is still the default, but I would recommend turning
splitstate on if you read a lot of feeds, if you use a long expiry time,
or if you're on a machine with limited memory.

As a result of the splitstate work, the output_filter and output_sort
hooks have been removed (because there's no longer a complete list of
articles to work with). Instead, there's now an output_sort_articles
hook that works with a list of article summaries.

Add the "useids" option, which makes rawdog respect article GUIDs when
updating feeds; if an article's GUID matches one we already know about,
we just update the existing article's contents rather than treating it
as a new article (like most aggregators do). This is turned on in the
default configuration, since the behaviour it produces is generally more
useful these days -- many feeds include random advertisements, or other
dynamic content, and so the old approach resulted in lots of duplicated
articles.

- rawdog 2.11

Avoid a crash when a feed's URL is changed and expiry is done on the
same run.

Encode dates correctly in non-ASCII locales (reported by Damjan
Georgievski).

Strengthen the warning in PLUGINS about the effects of overriding
output_write_files (suggested by Virgil Bucoci).

Add the state directory to sys.path, so you can put modules that plugins
need in your ~/.rawdog (suggested by Stuart Langridge).

When adding a feed, check that it isn't already present in the config
file (suggested by Stuart Langridge).

Add --no-lock-wait option to make rawdog exit silently if it can't lock
the state file (i.e. if there's already a rawdog running).

Update to the latest feedparser, which fixes an encoding bug with Python
2.5, among various other stuff (reported by Paul Tomblin, Tim Bishop and
Joseph Reagle).

Handle the author_detail fields being None.

- rawdog 2.10

Work around a feedparser bug (returning a detail without a type field
for posts with embedded SVG).

Pull in most of the changes from feedparser 4.1.

Fix a bug that stopped rawdog from working properly when no locale
information was present in the environment, or on versions of Python
without locale.getpreferredencoding() (reported by Michael Watkins).

Add --remove option to remove a feed from the config file (suggested by
Wolfram Sieber).

Produce a more useful error message when $HOME isn't set (reported by
Wolfram Sieber).

Fix a bug in the expiry code: if you were using keepmin, it could expire
articles that were no longer current but should be kept.

Clean up the example config file a bit.

- rawdog 2.9

Fix a documentation bug about time formats (reported by Tim Bishop).

Fix a text-handling problem related to the locale changes (patch from
Samuel Hym).

Fix use of the "A-IM: feed" header in HTTP requests. A previous upstream
change to feedparser had modified it so that it always sent this header,
which results in a subtle rawdog bug: if a feed returns a partial result
(226) and then has no changes for a long time, rawdog can expire
articles which should still be "current" in the feed. This version adds
a "keepmin" option which make a minimum number of articles be kept for
each feed; this should avoid expiring articles that are still current.
If you want the old behaviour, you can set "keepmin" to 0, in which case
rawdog won't send the "A-IM: feed" header in its requests. rawdog also
won't send that header if "currentonly" is set to true, since in that
case the current set of articles is all rawdog cares about. (See
<http://www.intertwingly.net/blog/2006/04/29/Now-you-see-it> for Sam
Ruby's discussion of the same problem in Planet.)

If the author's name is given as the empty string, fall back to the
email address, URL or "author".

Change the labels in the feed information table to "Last fetched" and
"Next fetched after", to match what rawdog actually does with the times
it stores (reported by D. Stussy).

- rawdog 2.8

Fix authentication support -- feedparser now supports Basic and Digest
authentication internally, but it needed tweaking to make it useful for
rawdog (reported by Tim Bishop).

- rawdog 2.7

Make feedfinder smarter about trying to find the preferred type of feed
(patch from Decklin Foster).

Add a plugin hook to let you modify mx.Tidy options (suggested by Jon
Lasser).

Work correctly if the threading module isn't available (patch from Jack
Diederich).

Update to feedparser 4.0.2, which includes some of our patches and fixes
an unclear license notice (reported by Jason Diamond, Joe Wreschnig and
Decklin Foster).

Fix a feedparser bug that caused things preceding shorttags to be
duplicated when sanitising HTML.

Set the locale correctly when rawdog starts up (patch from Samuel Hym).

- rawdog 2.6

Allow maxage to be set per feed (patch from Craig Allen).

Support feeddefaults with no options on the same line, as used in the
sample config file (reported by asher).

- rawdog 2.5

Ensure that all the strings in entry_info are in Unicode form, to make
it easier for plugins to deal with them.

Fix a feedparser bug that was breaking feeds which includes itunes
elements (reported by James Cameron).

Make feedparser handle content types and modes in atom:content correctly
(reported by David Dorward).

Make feedparser handle the new elements in Atom 1.0 (patch from Decklin
Foster).

Remove some unnecessary imports found by pyflakes.

Add output_sorted_filter and output_write_files hooks, deprecating
the output_write hook (which wasn't very useful originally, and isn't
used by any of the plugins I've been sent). Restructure the "write" code
so that it should be far easier to write custom output plugins: there
are several new methods on Rawdog for doing different bits of the write
process.

When selecting articles to display, don't assume they're sorted in date
order (a plugin might have done something different).

Don't write an extra newline at the end of the output file (i.e. use
f.write rather than print >>f), and be more careful about encoding when
writing output to stdout.

Provide arbitrary persistent storage for plugins via a
get_plugin_storage method on Rawdog (suggested by BAM).

Add -N option to avoid locking the state file, which may be useful if
you're on an OS or filesystem that doesn't support locks (suggested by
Andy Dustman).

If RAWDOG_PROFILE is set as an environment variable, rawdog will run
under the Python profiler.

Make some minor performance improvements.

Change the "Error parsing feed" message to "Error fetching or parsing
feed", since it really just indicates an error somewhere within
feedparser (reported by Fred Barnes).

Add support for using multiple threads when fetching feeds, which makes
updates go much faster if you've got lots of feeds. (The state-updating
part of the update is still done sequentially, since parallelising it
would mean adding lots of locking and making the code very messy.) To
use this, set "numthreads" to be greater than 0 in your config file.
Since it changes the semantics of one of the plugin hooks, it's off by
default.

Update the GPL and LGPL headers to include the FSF's new address
(reported by Decklin Foster).

- rawdog 2.4

Provide guid in item templates (suggested by Rick van Rein).

Update article-added dates correctly when "currentonly true" is used
(reported by Rick van Rein).

Clarify description of -c in README and man page (reported by Rick van
Rein).

If you return false from an output_items_heading function, then disable
DayWriter (suggested by Ian Glover).

Fix description of article_seen in PLUGINS (reported by Steve Atwell).

Escape odd characters in links and guids, and add a sanity check that'll
trip if non-ASCII somehow makes it to the output (reported by
TheCrypto).

- rawdog 2.3

Make the id= parameter work correctly (patch from Jon Nelson).

- rawdog 2.2

Add "feeddefaults" statement to specify default feed options.

Update feeds list from the config file whenever rawdog runs, rather than
just when doing an update (reported by Decklin Foster).

Reload the config files after -a, so that "rawdog -a URL -u" has the
expected behaviour (reported by Decklin Foster).

Add "define" statement and "define_X" feed option to allow the user to
define extra strings for the template; you can use this, for example, to
select classes for groups of feeds, generate different HTML for
different sorts of feeds, or set the title in different pages generated
from the same template (suggested by Decklin Foster).

Fix a logic error in the _raw changes to feedparser: if a feed didn't
specify its encoding but contained non-ASCII characters, rawdog will
now try to parse it as UTF-8 (which it should be) and, failing that,
as ISO-8859-1 (in case it just contains non-UTF-8 junk).

Don't print the "state file may be corrupt" error if the user hits
Ctrl-C while rawdog's loading it.

Add support for extending rawdog with plugin modules; see the "PLUGINS"
file for more information.

Make "verbose true" work in the config file.

Provide __author__ in items, for use in feeds that support that (patch
from Decklin Foster).

Fix conditional template expansion (patch from Decklin Foster).

Add "blocklevelhtml" statement to disable the "<p>" workaround for
non-block-level HTML; this may be useful if you have a plugin that is
doing different HTML sanitisation, or if your template already forces a
block-level element around article descriptions.

Fix -l for feeds with non-ASCII characters in their titles.

Provide human-readable __feed_id__ in items (patch from David
Durschlag), and add feed-whatevername class to the default item
template; this should make it somewhat easier to add per-feed styles.

Handle feeds that are local files correctly, and handle file: URLs in
feedparser (reported by Chris Niekel).

Allow feed arguments to be given on indented lines after the "feed" or
"feeddefaults" lines; this makes it possible to have spaces in feed
arguments.

Add a meta element to the default template to stop search engines
indexing rawdog pages (patch from Rick van Rein).

Add new feeds at the end of the config file rather than before the first
feed line (patch from Decklin Foster).

- rawdog 2.1

Fix a character encoding problem with format=text feeds.

Add proxyuser and proxypassword options for feeds, so that you can use
per-feed proxies requiring HTTP Basic authentication (patch from Jon
Nelson).

Add a manual page (written by Decklin Foster).

Remove extraneous #! line from feedparser.py (reported by Decklin
Foster).

Update an article's modified date when a new version of it is seen
(reported by Decklin Foster).

Support nested ifs in templates (patch from David Durschlag), and add
__else__.

Make the README file list all the options that rawdog now supports
(reported by David Durschlag).

Make --verbose work even if it's specified after an action (reported by
Dan Noe and David Durschlag).

- rawdog 2.0

Update to feedparser 3.3. This meant reworking some of rawdog's
internals; state files from old versions will no longer work with rawdog
2.0 (and external programs that manipulate rawdog state files will also
be broken). The new feedparser provides a much nicer API, and is
significantly more robust; several feeds that previously caused
feedparser internal errors or Python segfaults now work fine.

Add an --upgrade option to import state from rawdog 1.x state files into
rawdog 2.x. To upgrade from 1.x to 2.x, you'll need to perform the
following steps after installing the new rawdog:
- cp -R ~/.rawdog ~/.rawdog-old
- rm ~/.rawdog/state
- rawdog -u
- rawdog --upgrade ~/.rawdog-old ~/.rawdog (to copy the state)
- rawdog -w
- rm -r ~/.rawdog-old (once you're happy with the new version)

Keep track of a version number in the state file, and complain if you
use a state file from an incompatible version.

Remove support for the old option syntax ("rawdog update write").
Remove workarounds for early 1.x state file versions.

Save the state file in the binary pickle format, and use cPickle instead
of pickle so it can be read and written more rapidly.

Add hideduplicates and allowduplicates options to attempt to hide
duplicate articles (based on patch from Grant Edwards).

Fix a bug when sorting feeds with no titles (found by Joseph Reagle).

Write the updated state file more safely, to reduce the chance that
it'll be damaged or truncated if something goes wrong while it's being
written (requested by Tim Bishop).

Include feedfinder, and add a -a|--add option to add a feed to the
config file.

Correctly handle dates with timezones specified in non-UTC locales
(reported by Paul Tomblin and Jon Lasser).

When a feed's URL changes, as indicated by a permanent HTTP redirect,
automatically update the config file and state.

- rawdog 1.13

Handle OverflowError with parsed dates (patch from Matthew Scott).

- rawdog 1.12

Add "sortbyfeeddate" option for planet pages (requested by David
Dorward).

Add "currentonly" option (patch from Chris Cutler).

Handle nested CDATA blocks in feed XML and HTML correctly in feedparser.

- rawdog 1.11

Add __num_items__ and __num_feeds__ to the page template, and __url__ to
the item template (patch from Chris Cutler).

Add "daysections" and "timesections" options to control whether to split
items up by day and time (based on patch from Chris Cutler).

Add "tidyhtml" option to use mx.Tidy to clean feed-provided HTML.

Remove the <p> wrapping __description__ from the default item template,
and make rawdog add <p>...</p> around the description only if it doesn't
start with a block-level element (which isn't perfect, but covers the
majority of problem cases). If you have a custom item template and want
rawdog to generate a better approximation to valid HTML, you should
change "<p>__description__</p>" to "__description__".

HTML metacharacters in links are now encoded correctly in generated
HTML ("foo?a=b&c=d" as "foo?a=b&amp;c=d").

Content type selection is now performed for all elements returned from
the feed, since some Blogger v5 feeds cause feedparser to return
multiple versions of the title and link (reported by Eric Cronin).

- rawdog 1.10

Add "ignoretimeouts" option to silently ignore timeout errors.

Fix SSL and socket timeouts on Python 2.3 (reported by Tim Bishop).

Fix entity encoding problem with HTML sanitisation that was causing
rawdog to throw an exception upon writing with feeds containing
non-US-ASCII characters in attribute values (reported by David Dorward,
Dmitry Mark and Steve Pomeroy).

Include MANIFEST.in in the distribution (reported by Chris Cutler).

- rawdog 1.9

Add "clear: both;" to item, time and date styles, so that items with
floated images in don't extend into the items below them.

Changed how rawdog selects the feeds to update; --verbose now shows
only the feeds being updated.

rawdog now uses feedparser 2.7.6, which adds date parsing and limited
sanitisation of feed-provided HTML; I've removed rawdog's own
date-parsing (including iso8601.py) and relative-link-fixing code in
favour of the more-capable feedparser equivalents.

The persister module in rawdoglib is now licensed under the LGPL
(requested by Giles Radford).

Made the error messages that listed the state dir reflect the -b
setting (patch from Antonin Kral).

Treat empty titles, links or descriptions as if they weren't supplied at
all, to cope with broken feeds that specify "<title></title>" (patch
from Michael Leuchtenburg).

Make the expiry age configurable; previously it was hard-wired to 24
hours. Setting this to a larger value is useful if you want to have a
page covering more than a day's feeds.

Time specifications in the config file can now include a unit; if no
unit is specified it'll default to minutes or seconds as appropriate to
maintain compatibility with old config files. Boolean values can now be
specified as "true" or "false" (or "1" or "0" for backwards
compatibility). rawdog now gives useful errors rather than Python
exceptions for bad values. (Based on suggestions by Tero Karvinen.)

Added datetimeformat option so that you can display feed and article
times differently from the day and time headings, and added some
examples including ISO 8601 format to the config file (patch from Tero
Karvinen).

Forcing a feed to be updated with -f now clears its ETag and
Last-Modified, so it should always be refetched from the server.

Short-form XML tags in RSS (<description/>) are now handled correctly.

Numeric entities in RSS encoded content are now handled correctly.

- rawdog 1.8

Add format=text feed option to handle broken feeds that make their
descriptions unescaped text.

Add __hash__ and unlinked titles to item templates, so that you can use
multiple config files to build a summary list of item titles (for use in
the Mozilla sidebar, for instance). (Requested by David Dorward.)

Add the --verbose argument (and the "verbose" option to match); this
makes rawdog show what it's doing while it's running.

Add an "include" statement in config files that can be used to include
another config file.

Add feed options to select proxies (contributed by Neil Padgen). This is
straightforward for Python 2.3, but 2.2's urllib2 has a bug which
prevents ProxyHandlers from working; I've added a workaround for now.

- rawdog 1.7

Fix code in iso8601.py that caused a warning with Python 2.3.

- rawdog 1.6

Config file lines are now split on arbitary strings of whitespace, not
just single spaces (reported by Joseph Reagle).

Include a link to the rawdog home page in the default template.

Fix the --dir argument: -d worked fine, but the getopt call was missing
an "=" (reported by Gregory Margo).

Relative links (href and src attributes) in feed-provided HTML are now
made absolute in the output. (The feed validator will complain about
feeds with relative links in, but there are quite a few out there.)

Item templates are now supported, making it easier to customise item
appearance (requested by a number of users, including Giles Radford and
David Dorward). In particular, note that __feed_hash__ can be used
to apply a CSS style to a particular feed.

Simple conditions are supported in templates: __if_x__ .. __endif__ only
expands to its contents if x is not empty. These conditions cannot be
nested.

PyXML's iso8601 module is now included so that rawdog can parse dates in
feeds.

- rawdog 1.5

Remove some debugging code that broke timeouts.

- rawdog 1.4

Fix option-compatibility code (reported by BAM).

Add HTTP basic authentication support (which means modifying feedparser
again).

Print a more useful error if the statefile can't be read.

- rawdog 1.3

Reverted the "retry immediately" behaviour from 1.2, since it causes
denied or broken feeds to get checked every time rawdog is run.

Updated feedparser to 2.5.3, which now returns the XML encoding used.
rawdog uses this information to convert all incoming items into Unicode,
so multiple encodings are now handled correctly. Non-ASCII characters
are encoded using HTML numeric character references (since this allows
me to leave the HTML charset as ISO-8859-1; it's non-trivial to get
Apache to serve arbitrary HTML files with the right Content-Type,
and using <meta http-equiv="Content-Type"...> won't override HTTP
headers).

Use standard option syntax (i.e. "--update --write" instead of "update
write").  The old syntax will be supported until 2.0.

Error output from reading the config file and from --update now goes to
stderr instead of stdout.

Made the socket timeout configurable (which also means the included copy
of feedparser isn't modified any more).

Added --config option to read an additional config file; this lets you
have multiple output files with different options.

Allow "outputfile -" to write the output to stdout; useful if you want
to have cron mail the output to you rather than putting it on a web
page.

Added --show-template option to show the template currently in use (so
you can customise it yourself), and "template" config option to allow
the user to specify their own template.

Added --dir option for people who want two lots of rawdog state (for two
sets of feeds, for instance).

Added "maxage" config option for people who want "only items added in
the last hour", and made it possible to disable maxarticles by setting
it to 0.

- rawdog 1.2

Updated feedparser to 2.5.2, which fixes a bug that was making rawdog
handle content incorrectly in Echo feeds, handles more content encoding
methods, and returns HTTP status codes. (I've applied a small patch to
correct handling of some Echo feeds.)

Added useful messages for different HTTP status codes and HTTP timeouts.
Since rawdog reads a config file, it can't automatically update
redirected feeds, but it will now tell you about them.  Note that for
"fatal" errors (anything except a 2xx response or a redirect), rawdog
will now retry the feed next time it's run.

Prefer "content" over "content_encoded", and fall back correctly if no
useful "content" is found.

- rawdog 1.1

rawdog now preserves the ordering of articles in the RSS when a group of
articles are added at the same time.

Updated rawdog URL in setup.py, since it now has a web page.

Updated rssparser to feedparser 2.4, and added very preliminary support
for the "content" element it can return (for Echo feeds).

- rawdog 1.0

Initial stable release.

